Last updated: December 14, 2025

This privacy policy applies to the Neon Snake: Logic Puzzle app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Mustafa Karaosman (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Freemium service. This service is provided for use "AS IS".

Information Collection and Use
The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include information such as:

Your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address)

The pages of the Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages

The time spent on the Application

The operating system you use on your mobile device

The Service Provider does not gather precise information about the location of your mobile device.

The Service Provider may use the information provided to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices, and marketing promotions.

For a better experience, while using the Application, the Service Provider may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that the Service Provider requests will be retained by them and used as described in this privacy policy.

Third Party Access

Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

The Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policies about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:

Google Play Services

AdMob

Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the Application may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Security
The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains.

Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case the Service Provider discovers that a child under 13 has provided personal information, the Service Provider will immediately delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact the Service Provider (mkmusti@gmail.com) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
The Service Provider may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about the Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact the Service Provider at mkmusti@gmail.com.
